For those interested, here's a little bit about myself and my background.
I've been a software engineer for over 15 years. I've worked in all sizes of companies,
from startups to large enterprises and I even do a little freelancing from time to time.
In my various roles, I've gravitated towards the unofficial DevOps responsibilities
In order to solve the problems that commonly vex developers.
I have used some type of version control system most of my professional career,
from CVS to Git, and several in-between. In particular,
I have trained hundreds in person, and thousands online on how to use Git source control.
In addition to working full time for a Fortune-100 company in central Florida,
I enjoy teaching technical topics with several online courses.
Specifically on Udemy, I have been fortunate enough to work with over 20,000 students
which have given me over 600 reviews.
On the personal side, I'm an avid photographer that tries to get on the bicycle
several times a week, in order to balance out my endless hours in front of the computer.
I also love spending time with my family
as we enjoy many of the wonderful things Florida has to offer.